[Music]
we actually took a lot of morning
classes so I'd wake up I'd like you know
it's mighty a shower whatever I need to
do and I pretty much go off directly to
class well you usually wake up like 20
go to class for like two hours or so and
hang out with my friends
[Music]
oh hey so Columbia University yeah
welcome welcome yeah I go to the
University of British Columbia so I
think I'll fit in just fine
so today haein is gonna take me through
a day in her life as a Columbia
mechanical engineering senior I'm so
excited all right let's go it's this
building right here so this whole
building is mm-hmm and this is where you
spend most most of my time people some
people sleep in here like our micki lab
has like a separate room on the side
wears some really dedicated kids just
put out air mattresses in flu I know it
smells so bad
okay let's go take a look
here we go I love how much stuff is
going on yeah we got robotic arms over
there that is a wind tunnel so that's a
lathe and this is a mill this is an in
strong testing thing so you can test the
strength of your materials that is the
laser cutting sensation back there
so all these you can use like any time
you want hmm
pretty much how much time do you spend
in this lab usually probably like 10
hours a week yeah so what are you doing
this year that's been like 40 new 40
yeah yeah boo do cuz I was one of the
people who like helped take care of this
place okay
so like what are you doing here usually
you're making whatever project you're
working on so want to look at my project
so yeah this is my plane it fully works
we have these like these things on it
because with actual blades on it could
cut people this actually flies yeah this
has a control in it three gyroscopes
three accelerometers that tell you how
it's rotating tilting or how fast it's
going in any direction which is not you
later
full-time half full universities can't
just take me through like a typical day
in your life yeah oh I actually took a
lot of morning classes
and then come this lab with a makerspace
this is the makerspace this is where a
lot of people spend way too much time
making things okay yeah so that's a
3-axis know these are 3d printers you
can use to make almost anything you want
out of plastic everything is free
whenever you work on a project you like
expect things to take like two hours or
something or whatever but I'll usually
end up saying like six hours in there
usually I won't eat from like morning to
like 4:00 p.m. in the afternoon
basically I can most of your day you're
spending in the lab right do you like
study do you have homework so a lot of
the requirements have problem sets well
it's been like 10 hours working on a
problem set a week if you pay attention
in class it's not hard later on you get
bunch of project-based classes like
making a 3d printer print food like
hours and hours in here do you say you
have a good school life work-life
balance not before now I do because I
have only requirement set up but before
I was taking like five or six classes a
semester and I didn't do much else a
fourth in here I love it's very hands-on
very handy I think that's like the best
way to learn absolutely let's go let's
go okay so we just spent like hours in
the maker studio and the lab but now
we're going to hell oh yeah the best
food on campus okay okay so this is like
what students usually eat yeah pretty
much what I've survived off of them at
my time of Colombia it's always there
for you it's open until like 4:00 a.m.
so it actually is always there for you
I'm so excited so what I like is chicken
over rice you guys can get lamb over
rice or a combo plate I'm comet plate
six bucks though can we get two chicken
over rice and one lamb over rice
whenever I have guests come over I
always take them to how long customer
service is a plus here so it's going to
be 15 bucks total I get 50 bucks is like
one bill I know extra light you know it
well I don't want actually okay
as promised I will get you this meal
thank you thank you so much special
technique sophomore winter I think I got
really deep into a project and I would
just leave the lab just to get it like
[Music]
meeting for the first time since he got
here yeah yeah man such a relief to
actually watch him eat I foster dogs
with a group called ready for rescue it
partners with animal care centers of New
York to kind of rescue kind of these
troubled dogs like this dog in
particular is blind I mean I didn't
think I'd end up fostering dogs in New
York City but I initially had an
emotional support cat which was what
allowed me to have animals in the dorms
here we were looking to get an
appointment as soon as possible so we're
trying to get him to a vet as soon as
possible because like the eye infection
and all that we if he does need to get
his eyeballs taken out we want it to be
done we want it to be done as soon as
possible
so that he can heal faster and get
adopted faster he's still you know he's
still a dog and he's still living yes he
stood like a waggy boy like he has a lot
of fun so I just hope someone's gonna
arrest him soon
[Music]
girls like 9:40
oh you got a lucky hand man lots of
beautiful bastards my name is Philip
DeFranco hey thank you for showing me
the day in the life of a Columbia
student we learned then we created and
we played and that is actually what we
do in half whoo University - so today I
would like to officially admit you - I
will definitely have more of these
videos coming in the future so please
stay tuned your college student or you
want to be a college student like and
subscribe below you know you want more
of this content alright peace out guys
have a good night see you next time ring
the bell like and subscribe